      CONGRATS   .. rather than electrons protons and neutrons.

me too for interest in an e…     huge thanks for all who provided support again for this great education…  That’s 5 :) Agree except for being surprised - people still don’t see the same need to protect data from insiders as from outsiders.  Thanks will check it out :) I got distracted by the opening premise.
#nowiwantabunker This is exciting !   Yes I wasn’t really being serious :)
The kind caring behaviours we wan…  To be fair they had to wait a while for bugs to be invented    I miss buttonsCompelling summary of the scientific news of the year - the Chinese designer baby shock.  From leading human genome…  Ah. The classic Hollywood plot plot.

"The dinosaurs in Jurassic  Park weren't supposed to be a "natural…    Ah. The classic Hollywood plot plot.

"The dinosaurs in Jurassic Park weren…     Was it everything he promised? :)
Would love to see it.This is what #authoritarianism looks like.  It's against the LAW to do things I don't like you doing.
“Winnie the P…  This is what authoritarianism looks like.  It's against the LAW to do things I don't like you doing.
“… RT  I promised someone I'd self-dox and tell my "how I got from x to infosec" story. I was not "a natural," I excelled in biochem… Wonderful. thank you moose.  My students need to read this. Especially your thoughts about friends and community. Congratulation Debbie!  And thanks for sharing the wonderful backstory. I reckon your dad would be… #China #marathon: "258 participants caught #cheating.. wearing fake bibs.. three impostors.. taken shortcuts during…  #China #marathon: "258 participants caught #cheating.. wearing fake bibs.. three impostors.. taken shortc…  Fun fact: GOTO used to be called TRIPUP She was amazing - a real highlight of the con for me "I can’t stop dancing" - that says it all.  wonderful, thank you for sharing this Taryn.  That’s interesting. I don’t know about this, I’d always assumed it was a foolish decisio… I think we all have the potential and inclination to be kind.  That some people act cruelly to me is a failure of e…  I think we all have the potential and inclination to be kind.  That some people act cruelly to me is a…    now you can relax - well deserved! - and spend two months fooling around ju…   Maybe we should interview teachers by leaving them in the waiting room with another…    well done!! that's wonderful news.  While that certainly IS important I suspect the initially unlovable student problem might trump it :) every time you consolidate two things into one an angel in heaven gets its wings. "I’m not old enough to vote, but the strike has taught me that I’m old enough to do something. All of us are."…  This tweet led me to your blog.  Thanks Audrey - loving it!  "[When] it seems as though you could not hold on a minute longer, never give up then, fo…     Congratulations Tim!  Can't wait to learn what you find. It's hard to be rational when your life or that of your family is threatened  Hop tip: Never run exe files you download from web pages.  Especially if they are on a page with bikinis on it.  Photo by Jörg Brüggemann
  Refugees can't have phones? They are fleeing war not poverty. If our government was b… RT  Yep, that's what you want from a voting system; you want its security to benefit from that well known gold standard of cy…RT  Finally the included PwC report claims that the limited number of eligible voters has allowed "...the system to benefit f…RT  And we shouldn't worry about coercion because Prof Smith contends coercion "is simply not part of the culture or social m…RT  ... how is that not a receipt? If you can reveal how you voted then you have a receipt, it doesn't matter if it is a phys…RT  On the issue of coercion the report misses the point so widely as to be dumbfounding. Apparently it isn't a concern as "T…  haha!  oh nice!  you have made my day arryl thanks. In my family we don’t allow that sort of argument any more - ever since my children studied some ph…   Pity it’s not a 2 way link so you can grin and cheer encouragement back :) It’s alway…  Believe in concept of “life force” you don’t??First time in Washington for terrific #CyberwarCon and finally got to see two very special things. So happy right n…   Looks excellent - well done  Very exciting. Can’t wait to read the details.      Completely agree. Well done Michael!“The #students here should be seen as people and not just pupils” This school has a deliberate process to make sure…   Wait, what?!
AmazingRT  Dell data breach:

‘’Dell is announcing that it detected and disrupted unauthorized activity on its network attempting to ext…  Nice use of automation :) I’ve been pressing +++ every day. This way I’ll never have to pay! Even the most brilliant scheme has a fatal flaw...  Great read.  Good to combat bias and emotion with calm data and reasoning like this.Obvious #risk when you think about it. Wonder if McDonalds thought about it? #risks A long list of Google employees demands Google stops working on their censored browser #Dragonfly" for China.… Great read. A cunning attack via a malicious change to a trusted open source package that many depend upon but few…   Science advisory bodies need to include educators. Been to too many #science/#education forums…  This is a great explanation for children of cancer  -bravo RT  JFC.  #GeneEditSummit No point in national #science reform just being a talk fest or just enhancing current strengths, it must lead to lo…    No point in national #science reform just being a talk fest or just en…    Yes.  no point in it being a talk fest or just enhancing current stren…  I remember it.. 100mm /1 hour at Turramurra! (Also recall Aug 1986 and Sydney Harbour Bridge being like…   Hear hear#NowNow He Jiankui -Chinese scientist whose claim to have created gene edited babies initially met with skepticism,…  Good grief.  I had no idea.  Those poor children. So pleased that your lab and the CRISPR community…  do you mean up to 10 years old ?!Reminds me why I fell in love with Science as a child. Science is so powerful and so breathtaking. Meticulous work…   Reminds me why I fell in love with Science as a child. Science is so powerful and…         Well done! That’s amazing. LIKE and I don't care what the words say - I can't even see them - so excited by this picture that's sure going to need one big venn diagram if you can be all those and still be mediocre then i'm happy to be mediocre. :) poor moth. so much shouting.  true. on the other hand no-one wants a soggy baby.this is one funny thread.
Let's make imperial units great again   Excellent news!  
This interview clip asking rep from genetic behemoth BGI (Beijing Genomics…   Congratulations Michael - that's wonderful news. Welcome to #UNSW! 
No need to leave your amazin…   Scientific American: “even when [the ethical] charges were borne out, we respected that the…   amen!  
but not holding out too much hope :(  It's is a highly visible field -the first to succeed will get fame and glory so there is muc…  Not my experience in my computing courses at #UNSW -I don't know who is local/international when g… so beautiful   Mr Burns tries brute force:
  Life is wonderous !RT  How Surveillance Inhibits Freedom of Expression  Wow. You have an amazing mum and it sounds like she has given you a great gift.  Thanks for sharing it with us Hannah.Wow. You have an amazing mum and it sounds like she has given you a great gift.  Thanks for sharing it with us Hann…   Exactly!
      And This! You called it   
#tomorrowtonight  Wow. That’s not how I teach my children to behave.  Hope his parents weren’t watching. Reflecting is hard to do.  But it’s what professionals have to do to be professionals.
This reflectio…  And the trump shall sound!
Likely something in Revelations. Maybe 13:1-8?
7..given unto him to make war wi…    This is an awesome thread, thank you! Can you think of *ANY* time where vague self-regulation without teeth has worked?  I can’t.
Parliamentar…   Happy birthday Tom!  Thanks for all the presents you give us.This is important good news from the US -limiting the ability of (frankly parasitical) #patent #trolls to extort mo…  Yes the use of the term seems to be changing. the way I hear it being used now disturbs me -seems to… #education #assessment #Wisdom  Very sorry to hear that Luke.  Take care.  Agree!  Why not both?  Is the toxin which is poisonous to humans not effective against these arm eating pr… RT  Who’s to be trusted?   Absolutely. a bank is a huge organisation of tens of thousands of people and pretty much everyone I…     Loved the joke - and the message about how to give good critici…  It’s brilliant!  Thanks for sharing made my dayNot inviting him to give a graduation address to my students!
CBA boss Ian Narev to Comyn to "temper [his] sense of…  Nice !   That’s clever Those guys are my heroes - I’m doing this as soon as I get home I love people who love science !  nice It was an unexpectedly beautiful episode. So important. Why do we never discuss this? I was delighted th…   how was the dust storm?  That's insightful. I'm always surprised what makes the big loads on my brain - and tha…   Actually Chennai was yesterday, Pune now (and Mumbai tomorrow) - it's frantic :)  Indi…   Wow - the essence of you is so clearly there from the start!  these are both great photos :) Sure, but EVERY RECORDAre you in a movie?  Suggest you check to hear if there is tense music playing in the background. This may not end…  are you in a movie?  suggest you check to hear if there is tense music playing in the background.  this m… RT   Problem solved. This is interesting - Heisenberg is pervasive "Could lab-grown human minibrains help treat Alzheimer's and epilepsy? ACES Ethics, Policy and Public Engagement Th… We can grow tiny human brains in a petri-dish, trying to grow bigger ones with blood vessels, we are grafting them…  America is starting to grate (as promised)RT  Congestion.
My   cartoon.  sorry, dad joke, it's compulsive so you literally have been under that false impression.  nice. That’s beautiful thank you - is there a longer version?    I was thinking of you both enviously from here in Chennai.…   this!  you do good That's awesome. Looks like they are well equipped to go out and make the  world better - a success not m…  Coddiwomple describes pretty much everything I do as a teacher. Heck, as a person.  Thanks for sharing t…  and thank you for the retweet chain so I saw it  :) THANK YOU for this hot tip Christina.  I’m in India now and will make full use of it.  You have done a beautiful thing :) I bet their store bought clothes always fit perfectly, and classes go at exactly the right pace for them too!Print this out and show it to your IT department! Sane #password requirements without the theatre:
1. DO NOT requir…   like a reverse long-tail commission - delicious...Ask a simple question - spend the next hour lost learning things never knew.  Learning is so addictive.  Hope I nev…  that old excuse... noted date and time for next time :)         A fo… So frustrated to be in India while this is on. Have been e-following the national tour &amp; its reception -it's blowin…        So frustrated to be in In…  Ha!  I did exactly the same myself as a child. my parents were awesome but they did not think of Angela's…  Superb activity 
Interesting, low bar to entry, no wrong answers, gets thinking abo…  Rosebud You were wonderful - I knew you were going to be fine. went home feeling very happy about UNSW's fu…     Congratulations Prof  Prof  and Pro…  will they see this?    good luck! sure you will be brilliant :) all these suggestions good but i like your original idea the most - hike into the bush office - brilliant! hard to tell but he seems to have left traces of dna at the crime scene :)RT  Ford's CEO just said on NPR that the future of profitability for the company is all the data from its 100 million vehicl… the wheelchairs come with a mobile phone?  impressed!  :) thank youRT  I used to get paid BY the government to do this   Or he is following you, badly“We will get to full self-driving cars already next year”  
prepared to go on a limb and doubt this - predict death…     “We will get to full self-driving cars already next year”

prepared to go…   it's such an attractive meme tho - no wonder it is spreading in an almost uncontrollable way  I often think Simon and Lymond (and even Johnson) share some delightful characteri…  there is something very pleasing and unexpected about the floor / ceiling symmetry.  side to side s…  intereating point.  not an excuse of course. Sorry for people who feel better about themselves by putting others down rather than lifting them self…   Like the way you rose to the challenge so magnificently. You have a talent.  Proud of you and what you have done Years age I taught a student who was at risk and I’ve wondered and worried about him ever since and I…  That’s awesome Ken.  Which route/location was it?  Any chance of a photo of this decent chap?  Be great to…     +1 please share :) 
What sort of monster prolongs the sadness of mums!?  Who cares?  That's AWESOME hair! OMG
This gave me tears. Fear corrodes our humanity. I wish we had a humanity and enlightenment curric…     Full lecture comes out next year -can't wait! Sad I misse… RT  Job Alert! We are hiring for an Associate for Cybersecurity in Elections to do policy, grant-making, and to help secure ou… Most read book Godel, Escher, Bach -changed my life. Showed me education could be a joy. I became…   have you ready the eyre affair ?   amazing.  sounds like you'd love it. don't really kn…  Stop tweetingRetweeting so I never forget this list - warning don’t start reading or you will be trapped for hours       #meritocracy:citizens increasingl…  So you were able to hit all the key points in your story? that makes the condensed #storytelling even mo…    Be great if this relaxed approach to time and deadlines was cut both ways… Fabulous story of a pen tester with physical insider access. Read it and be delighted!  bravo! Wow. What a read. 
It was gripping and it was educational. I’m going to get all our students to r…  That’s awesome!  May we #teachers keep him feeling like that for the next 16 years.Glad this is being reported. I always feel guilty that when hear “#PersonalizedLearning” I get so uneasy. Makes me…  flexible classrooms, 1-to-1 computing with tablets, and individualized learning plans for students.…    Yes. It’s called society.“If you only measure the statistics, you miss the human aspect” Great read about #Finland’s success treating…  So glad to hear that.  Was the card tap and go ?  Otherwise it’s j tweest g they didn’t need a pin Wow. Do you know if it was online transactions or a transfer of funds to another account?  Glad you spott…  How did they authenticate as you A?  Or was it your credit card? it is bitter sweet funny because it’s an extreme case of something we likely are all familiar with .…     Congratulations!  What wonderful news. Thanks for the important work you do phoebe.  I love the way you are open to all possibilities.  Your loyal follower.Best 
FUN FACT
Ever    Thank you cathy keep up the important work of holding up a mirror to us.   Somehow these few words and simple images are far more powerful and eloquent than a page…  Finally, science that SOUNDS like science!Oh Facebook -you lie cheat and manipulate for power and profit :(
What happened?? “Our mission is to make the world…   Trotsky, however, found it hard to pick 0 -&gt; 2 in one day! Perhaps surf science units come in waves?   It’s a sign!  Thanks Tim this is importantWe keep being told “Trust Us” but no security expert thinks that’s a good design principle. Ironically it makes us…    *drops mic*The best example of two factor authentication I’ve ever seen!
#2FA #lucky  That’s the best example of two factor authentication I’ve ever seen!
Glad you are ok. #2FAMicrosoft secretly logs what you do &amp; write when you use MS office products on your computer, and send at least som…   Oh man - is EVERYONE I love there!!??  So jealous of you all - have an amazing time :)   Phew!  I thought we’d reached the tipping point.    A joy?
A eureka?
An insufficiency? (You can never have enough :)RT  This cuteness notwithstanding, this teacher is brilliant.

She’s simultaneously teaching her kids about bodily autonomy, cons…RT   I've had a rough day - pedestrians killed, psych patients of meds, people sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired - it'…  I was using the smiley face to signify humorRT  UPDATE: The deadline to opt-out of #MyHealthRecord has been extended to Jan 31, 2019 after a Senate vote. 

   So pleased with a focus on “abilities” rather than rote fact recall.  The lat…   That’s great news.  So pleased the senate is across the importance of not getting this wrong.  #MHR #privacy #auspolTo be fair there is no way anyone could have expected a surge of opt-out requests at the end of the opt-out period…  To be fair there is no way anyone could have expected a surge of opt-out requests at the end of the…     YAY! but shouldn't we have waited a month or so before unwrapping it?brilliant!  Tho to be fair the in-group often regards the dissenters as “dickheads” - and some times even makes them drink hemlock  that's a lovely talk azeria.  it will help people.  i'm going to share it with my security studen… RT  Not saying I've looked at too many screens lately but I JUST TRIED TO SCROLL UP A PAPER DOCUMENT.    wow!  well done kate :)   please advance your work to the state where we can clone you  that's interesting - thanks.  i should know more about south korea i realise.  it's a very interesting co…  this gets a like for nice use of parentheses - thanks liam you never disappoint :)  i like that dream :) challenge accepted!  let's swap slides when we do it :)  Thank you. Charlie Chaplin is one dictator who gets it 
 i'm certainly including it on mine :) (and i teach cyber security engineering) Like all the most brilliant ideas in history it is breathtaking in its  beauty, genius, and (i sus…  Like all the most brilliant ideas in history it is breathtaking in its beauty, genius, and (i susp… great exercise / teaching demo for geology classes!    Can't wait! This is going to be great. Maybe this guy starting its engines?

Seriously tho I do love that our species doesn't spend ALL its… RT  probably the biggest difference between app developers and bakers is that bakers don't believe all government, infrast…  Actually our unis are ranked very highly in the world - far more highly than you’d expec…   Perhaps an expensive capture and storage scheme like for carbon and refugees? Yes! The staff experience is just as important as the student experience.  All of us, staff and student…  great summary thanks kevin.  will show to my students.  all students should see this.RT     I think I love him. America is the only presidentialist system (~30 worldwide) that hasn't lapsed into dictatorship. 

There may be oth…  We’ve achieved the first half of the weapon.  Now we just need to work out how to establish communication…  Ancillary Justice by Ann Leckie is amazing bonus :)  "Every time I observe another teacher, I discover something I’m not even looking for.…  or google next to much nicer level of hell - but someone sits blocking the entrance to it..?Investing in Teaching now is like buying Apple stock 20 years ago.
We need highly skilled, highly trained passionat… RT  Like many, my family have our own special insights into sacrifices serving men &amp; women make and their resilience of spirit.… great piece - thanks clare.  heroism comes in many forms. this is beautiful sadly i think you are right - but it says a lot about him that that was his intuition :)RT  when your supply chain is so pwned you have to rely on your adversaries not being able to cheat the laws of physics  They have to satisfy two hashes Simple and Nice! Impressed you planned ahead with them Alex.    Not claiming or thinking you are being disengenious. You are psych not comp…     Yes it could only be done on a non-live system of course without data in it…     I’d be delighted to david - I raised this before but probably not clearly e…     Ah sorry I was still typing - see 3 which is where I try to explain this    Done - phew!    What getting better facial recognition technology will do is help the massi…     On the other issue - the ultimate purposes to which the research findings w…     If you would like (and give consent) I could have a team of our undergradua…     .. even that secure.  For example how much penetration testing was carried…     Secondly it is dangerous to even collect such information.  Especially via…     In the same way banks will never ask for your password by email as that acc…     or a fake RTA website asking for your drivers licence number, or ...
This s…     Hi david a common way con artists carry out identity theft at scale is to t…  What’s the book?  am pleading tech makers to build decentralized social platforms that don’t store and sell ou…  More cats than women in this panel That’s very interesting Alex.  What were the strategies?  It would be lovely if you were able to post h… RT  Today is the 80th anniversary of #Kristallnacht. 
A personal story: 
My grandfather fought in WWII. He never spoke abou… It’s a great article Tom. I’d not seen that vid before - so happy you shared it:)story of a US Polling booth. I’ve observed poll workers in two states for Australian elections &amp; only seen professi…  Elie Wiesel: ‘Wherever men or women are persecuted because of their race, religion or political views, tha…   Thanks read anthem for a doomed youth again. Such futility.  Wow.  What sort of moronic cruelty gave the orders to keep firing up till the last second, o…    Weird?!  But that’s the image the Whitehouse sent me. Thanks.  Wish this was a common thing. Welcome to modern elections    This makes me uneasy for several reasons 
1. Data collection is…  "on being elected mayor of N Sydney he used the first motion of his first meeting to sell the mayoral M…      WAY TO GO  !!  Good luck! Can't… This is getting exciting. Just like scientists have realised the need to leave their towers to fight to limit clima…   He’s an inspiration. Love the (questioned) story of his stolen car being returned whe…  worth it!  thank you.RT  A life-long Londoner could walk past hundreds of these fences, and never know they were looking at Second World War st… Wow as a child I thought our leaders would be great people, the best and wisest minds. But this seems…  PS I don't think "sending thoughts and prayers" is a thing anymore :( good luck guys!  love the late night work in the last few days - just like all good projects :) It seems to be a shift towards the city being for cars and away from the city being for people.Compelling commentary from reporter  on what it was like to report in china, and what it is like to li…  sending don't worry vibe.  it will soon be over and you will be magnificent. and tomorrow will be glorious. there, fixed it for you   not spanish - went there to out of belief? Great humanRT  We teach the past, for the peaceful future Anne Frank envisioned #shabbatshalom   Long may people be caught out like this. Clear importance of free and vigorous 4th (and 5th) estate.Very interesting to learn about "priming" effect. (A psych friend tells me is well known effect in #propaganda -but… A well educated populace, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to learn and bea…  Glad school leaders are starting to back away from this.  Principals - your students are watching you and learning.  true fact - i collected a kidney from her just last week  Good piece of communication.  Weird we censor this sort of thing on TV.  Leaves for airtime for sugar,…  Oh nicely played sir!  How could I stop something I don’t even know about?  Especially if there was never any evidence left… Today I Learned if your computer is on Congress or Whitehouse network and you try to read an XKCD comic -no matter…     Oh Chantelle. It took me a few beats to realise what you mean…    completely disagree important reporting  - thanks  #MHR privacy chief RESIGNS!
claims of not listening? "not a good look"
plans to consolidate the role of privacy dir…   doh! that's better - yr earlier quote caused my head to catch fire  Hard for any human to resist being corrupted by conflicts of interest. Can't expect…   that was great, loved the surprise ending ha!  more now :) Looks great - thanks for the open access got my weekend reading now  Oh you are good Anatoli - site has not launched but you found it!  Impressed :)  will… RT  But the moment I think my mom loved the most was when Rosita hugged her and told her how much Sesame Street loves teac…  it's time wise observation.  however the two things can (and should) happen together.  
Eg my COMP2911 prac exam wa…  she's beautiful.  thank you that made my week. take care.  time for yourself sounds a great idea. thanks Bernard - this is a great observation to be sharing.  so happy it led to such an interesting journey for you. and so pleased to see jasper has his Dogtorate of Paw :) Hey Jovi - wonderful to see you have finished.  Congratulations!  expect great things from you :)AMAZING "Goffin's cockatoos don't use #tools  in the wild but Dr Auersperg noticed one in her lab spontaneously  in… AMAZING
"Goffin's cockatoos don't use #tools in the wild but Dr Auersperg noticed one in her lab spontaneously inve…    yes! I do wish #classrooms were more open and what went on in them was ex…   yeah that's what i was thinking too. with boring #Teacher hat on i think giving childre…   I understand opt-in makes sense to those setting it up, they can see the huge potential ben…   Thanks for reminder! I opted out of #MHR now: 
Am sure government ca…   Hi Julies I'm not depressed about it, there are so many benefits from technology I feel the…  yeah i had some bad ones too. but i was lucky and had two great maths teachers and one great chem. grate… RT  what?

this is what you asked me for

(computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes)   Thank you  don't forget RBG is powered by kryptonite however   This time perhaps CRIMS were burned by vendor #cryptohype:)

"warning easy to…  After seeing the amazing RBG documentary my family and I feel such respect for this inspiring woman. Dea…    This time the CRIMS were burned by vendor #cryptohype :)

"warning easy to ove… to be clear - the breach is the legislation, the attacker is the nsw government, the buyer of the data is the feder… Bill has passed lower house, and is currently before the upper house. Designed to breach privacy on a scale never b… SHOCKING breach of trust. We are *required* to be in this database -indeed we must PAY to be in it. Now strict NSW… Biggest Australian Data Breach so far. Personal details+PHOTOGRAPHS of all 6.1million NSW drivers
Bad: DL photos ar…         Congratulations Dr Howe!It’s ok guys - he’s still coming to Australia!
#AAbill #MHR #privacy #yay  I was in the front row too - so had to be very stealthy. I’m sure no one could see :)Anna got her PhD - still remember her unstoppable enthusiasm in first and second year. Face sore from grinning.  Ha… I snuck some photos from my lap of some of the rascals I have taught - only managed to catch some but I will miss e… Always so many happy computing students and families at the  graduation ceremony.  CISCO CTO… the most beautiful thing I’ve seen all day  This is brilliant!  Thank you 

maybe uni too?  Wow!  You are going to have an awesome time. Go forth and science the world Siobhan. It certainly doesn’t look like you Weather here is glorious atm too :) One-time Paper Napkins as a secure low bandwidth channel.  Baki, M.  Yes he looked dreadful in the photos at the time.  It’s so easy to forget that even p…    I’ll just leave this lying here ...

  That’s a very harsh thing to say Jase. I would hope every adult would have empathy an…  Same same ? Thanks such a noob Thanks Wendy  “Found?”  Was it given to a “friend” Tilly?  So disillusioning ... :) Absolutely! Thanks :)When critical  infrastructure fails! retaining control over the things on which you rely - sovereignty - has costs…    Yes apparently you can get blood tests     Actually your point is spot on and it’s just words…   Yes please post!     Actually that’s what #verifiable means here- verifi…       “Why are they all sitting there qui…  But sally *I* am your father...    sure but there are already bucket loads of verifiable eVoting pro…     re Blockchain- sure it reduces trust and makes explicit, but so d…     Matt is right that this is gambling. Existing manual voting has p…  Amazplaining   Thank you Cath -what an extremely interesting comment. I appreciate your…  i'm amazed any voter could think that was presidential.  He who is not with me is against me
—Matthew 12:30a

Or you may prefer:

Luke 9:50 Jesus sa… Chilling footage of democracy failing. No power cords for the voting machines apparently. Watch and be aghast.…  Reckon that would be shooting yourself in The foot. Like “no child left behind” educational policy reduced f…  In many many ways it has been an exemplar of democratic ideas and ideals.  Which for me makes these latest… Welcome to the worldwide Electronic voting experiment.  It’s not a single failure - it’s a glorious symphony!…  I remember them. I don’t think they were your best work. Thank you Jennifer. Can you imagine banking being done like this? No records kept, you just have to tru… So treat people as valued humans

Also found - seems engineers are not particularly good at this(!) I guess we don’…   Also - seems engineers and founders are not good at this. I guess we don’t teach it - i…   Wow. #Teachers read. Factors that led people to engage with recruitment messages were -…  I greedily collect examples of Conflict of Interest in #ElectionSecurity for my security class. But I st…    Well I’m a new fan!  Thanks I greedily collect examples of Conflict of Interest in #ElectionSecurity for my security class. But I stopped bookm…  :) yes. Odd. Indeed suspicious...  perhaps there are Dark holes?

Unrelated but are you ever tempted to write it as continwm?Wow. #Teachers read. Factors that led people to engage with recruitment messages were -genuinely personal messages,…   I second that nervousness it’s really interesting to think about the contrast with the feelings of the others in the exam room (th…  Oh that’s very funny.  Respect! Trump? Exit interviews are a great idea         Apparently there is new legislation before parliament banning public photography of the horses likely to b…  Yes. Me too. And some of her replies are quite thoughtful and beyond her years.  I predict an interesting future.If you use Microsoft hard disk encryption you might be in for a nasty surprise. The MS bitlocker program does not b…    Agree. Am pounding pavement with you in spirit   And stay away from heavy machinery So sorryRT  Random thought: Is most music in 4/4 because we have 2 legs? Would we find it easier to dance in 6 if we had 3? Just intere… Phew! Thought it was a modern crop spiral. Thanks great work Interesting. Or odd 9 I guess. I like your random thoughts :) Kevin are you able to share the 4000 reports (with senders removed) themselves in addition to this tant…    Yes that seems to be a global problem. But the former makes it hard to fix the latter.    Also interesting: "..But for those with eyes to see, there was an obvious…  No, thank you Sophie. I liked your replies to everyone’s comments - kind of you to acknowledge everyon…   Congrats Ann-Maree!  May the next 20 be just as worthwhile.Tweet Of The Day. A vast worldwide flood of love and support from #female scientists and #STEM lovers reassuring yo…   It made me so tense I had to get up and pace around the room before sitting down to finish.…   That is staggering! Only SIX PERCENT voted?? How does democracy work with such low turnouts?RT  Somehow I’ve only recently discovered this great talk about cyber security education from   Bet it’s buried not forgotten. Why before you know it you’ll be debugging and flying and shouting-laughi…    Thanks for sharing this it reminds me of the importance of speaking out and n…    Thank you This is so true all you wonderful  people sitting exams. When you get to uni I hope you experience the joy and pass…  Thanks alison ! brilliant! Ha! Perfect! There is nothing more to say. Thanks for sharing  - may he never forget…   You’d succeeded before you even started! This makes me wish I was a management consultant - it sounds awesome!Senior educational leaders teaching? Brilliant suggestion!
Should generals lead from the front? Ceasar, Richard I,… RT  “What passing bells for these who die as cattle?
Only the monstrous anger of the guns
What candles may be held to speed them… Help trapped can’t stop watching     Hi James don’t worry you appeal to me no matter what.…  Ads that are fun to watch - delighted this is a thing.  Props to kento bento for a story well told     I can’t help it sorry james!  Think what my poor children have to endure...     Agree 100% and love the abc more than I can properly…         What a great id… RT  ProPublica port-scans gov’t election networks, finds anonymous FTP servers running. That’s not confidence-inspiring.     “These kids are going from one cage to another.”
It feels…    Am impressed Katie! That’s so funny. How did people react?  Do you have pic? What are we doing? What have we become?  “Border Force” are certainly growing into their name.     Toby brought a robot to the meeting!  Wow. Been wa…     So pleased  supports Toby and his dangerous ideas.   Thank you Deborah. I didn’t mind the scream as maybe it took that to get me to…    Bruce blames Gough rather than Pauline - which really means I need to blame my…  The answer is Roy Dut’s OTRT   I've never watched a royal wedding in my life - but if they televised this wedding I wouldn't miss a minut… Kirby shook my hand when I graduated with my science degree, and inspired us with his address. I’m pro… Kirby shook my hand when I graduated with my science degree, and inspired us with his address. I’m proud to be a gr… RT  Important to note that the world’s top-ranked universities for arts &amp; humanities are also renowned STEM schools. Wide interd…  Oh fun! Let’s define SI unit Nd. Ideas? Guess crittera should include:
1. Can’t be by referen… RT  So many people leave keyfobs next to the door.

If you happen to have a bedroom further away take your keyfob and keep it by…  Don’t worry.   That was the old definition of nerd.RT  You can vote for Alan Turing to be the face on the new £50 here (using the miracle of modern computers that he practically i…RT  “The answer to bad speech isn’t censorship, it’s more and better speech” -  #FODIRT  “When we collect any data we should ask, what happens when this data is hacked?” -  #FODI  That sounds like a win either way! - problem solving or sunlight :)
(You can always unplug (a… RT  "Getting Better All the Time: Security Research and the DMCA" by    Looks like nice work from all involved.  well done.  things like this remind me I'm glad to be par…  Looks like nice work from all involved.  well done.  things like this remind me I'm glad to be part of a functioning society. Agree. Coal wool wheat gas rocks woodchips... let's switch from being a country that digs up raw st…  we have your children.  you must do EXACTLY as we say."Keep your head down, stay safe —and it gets better,"
This is good advice. It's so WRONG that this is good advice.…   Wow. Thank you for sharing this. In engineering we learn from history -in security no…   Come on guys - How hard would it be to update 2009 to 2018? Morons! I’m surrounded by morons! Thank you.  This observation is quite profound.  Made me realise we need to try to make our universities &amp; s… Make our universities &amp; schools like Paris, not like an American suburb. #university #design #learningspaces  Exams next week
(In Australia:)This made the blood drain from my face. In engineering we learn from history -in security not so much yet. Why?!…  Two wormsRT  @ all my followers! I’m currently doing literature research for my dissertation and wondered if anyone knew of any sources… Principal Jenny Allum is a remarkable educational
Leader.  This is just one more example.   Hey I didn’t even eat the mousse… life is glorious sometimes :)  not so evil after all hey?     Can’t wait.  is insightful and inspiring.    Thank you to all involved in this important work of looking after children.…  “Tomorrow is the anniversary of the D-Day invasion. We obviously have a very long history with the…  Are you tempted to start dropping egg-sound containing words into your messages too - without drawing at…      Can’t wait!  Thanks for the heads up. You are a good sister.  He is very lucky.I’m amazed people don’t just solve this with spray paint.  
 via   You made me snort out loud. Worth the public embarrassment. Thank you Naaman.  It’s one of my favourite  posts so far.  Thanks Elizabeth for sharing the experien… RT  If you planned by considering the question, “I’ve got 5 hours a day with these little humans. What do they need?” as oppose… And that’s the true story of how research ate itself. It’s a brilliant idea.  Thanks for sharing.  University teaching can learn from this too  Thank you.  You bring credit to your nation.                 It can sometimes be both at the same time too.Vile and disgusting
 Just about everything in this makes me happy.  Even Leigh’s choice of surname. So glad you posted this before we lost twitter likes. Couldn’t agree more.  Growing up! That was an unexpected analogy not wrong, important.  the ultimate contribution of elections is to have regime change without bloodshed…  there.  sorted.This keeps happening -faster and faster. Let's not fall into the trap of US school shootings with focus on each inc…             this is brilliant  Great to have a serious looking document to point ppl to. Even at my own uni crazy password rules r… RT  The tried and tested power of the arts to transform engagement and achievement. RT     Agreed. I work at a clinic that does PT,OT,SLP For kids with autism and learning disabili…RT  There is so much beauty in the world A dose of Irish poetry just when you need it  Well that would never happen again ..  Illuminated “bah humbug TM” sign on your roof? Pure Genius ! So impressed right now - geniusCongratulations   and the #tomorrowtonight production team and crew. Great ratings!RT  I was not expecting how good and how funny Tomorrow Tonight turned out to be. Wow. What a brilliant, ethically tough, s…   It's such a fine line between stupid, and Clever.      I’m biased because I was there but it fel…     Thank you!! But remember what I told you about following me on twitter mum?       Julie did have awesome sh…       Yes you got it.  except that the whole T…        . actually t…       Me too Jo-Ann. I Agree!      . was quite remarkable y…       Both were extremely good (I’m biased…     . was impressive. Even more is your post!  Evaluating…  Hard if alone.  but if you are in a community you can watch each other’s Sounds like it was wonderful!  Can’t wait :)I love this    Me too actually.  Which is not really what I’ve come to expect from tv.  I…  Glad you liked it!  Agree in theory .. but gee it’s hard to only ever say things you’d be happy to be heard by…   Yes it was weird to see *everyone* seemed to assume it would be possible .. and easy.  A lot…   Good point. That part was cut a lot I think. The risk with large state data collections is…   This  Ha!   V Nice thinking.  But that’s just the beginning ...      Hear hear !     I’m so pleased to hear you are doing well And…       She was interesting intelligent and r…      Hi Andre - this is wonderful - that was my fi…  Agree Tristan :)  it’s great the  were keen to support disseminating ideas about data privacy so widely.  Me too!  Thanks Stephanie :)     Yes so much of what we do with data and how (un…    Agree!
Charlie is a remarkable person - and look what beauty he has created!  P…   I’d love that mushtak.      If you do let me know what you think (if…   Wow I wish I’d been there Prof  is inspiring.   Was it recorded?      So pleased Jane - I think you’ll like it…      I thought so too!  Thanks for the encouragi…       I’m sorry to hear that Jane.  I do hope…     Could be another citizenship test?  Or, worse, another w…   Hi Bree - thanks.  You guys were so encouraging. For me it had a big impact and made it easy to keep going.     But you do get the sun - think you might come out…     The editors must have had what felt like hours of our debat…    Wonderful - I think he’ll love it Ming.  The students are the most remarkable…  Thanks Curtis. I can’t wait to see the next one! And I hear the amazing  is on an episode -…     Thank you Catherine. They put it together really well.  Privi…     You are right - that’s a great way of describing it.  Fol…     It was wonderful that she made
Me Change my Mind.  I fell i…   That would be telling adam :)Bravo     !!  What a priviliage to be on the panel with you al…       Thank you - they were kind in the edit…  I’m so slow ...   he kept being wickedly, subtly, funnily throughly the whole recording session.  I…    Me too!  But I’m not optimistic :( Thank you :)    :) it’s my fave RT  . are you a serial killer? #TomorrowTonight     Thanks - wait tho  does some amazing things hope they made the editRT  "You should never say something in private that you wouldn't be happy to be said in public... When you do, it's a risk" - RT  Coming up after #MadAsHell on  is the first episode of #TomorrowTonight with    What an amazing show! 10 minutes to go before we take that exhillerating ride into the unknown future :) #TomorrowTonight  Now THAT looks like a dream jobGetting a bit nervous ahead of the first episode of #TomorrowTonight ABC 9pm. It was so funny but now I’m hoping I…  Thank you.  Just, thank you. you can never know.  that's the point :). 
now you know how governments feel.  [crazy idea] just do it on your own dime full-stop. no ifs.RT  Just had a masked three-foot girl with plastic knife say ‘I could murder you!’ I replied ‘I don’t think you could, I’m an aw…  thanks for the link Julian - reading now mine too :) life is good  ..The custodians of the tradition of #Western #Civilization in university have always been humanitie…  I remember watching James Bond car chases before and after the parental brain-change:

Before: So coo…  "And if you're on the roads, slow down please!!!"

Actually that's really interesting. Non-parents pr…   actually I didn't know that - twitter noob. makes sense (feels foolish). thanks Ben. i don't see the link. why is this a trade-off? why couldn't you have both sets of things? or neither?   what's your contribution tho?  other than mocking?  we do have a seriou…    subsidies aren't solving the problem tho. they are just rearranging th…    nice writeup thanks for sharing /joke perhaps his new slogan will be SCOTT MORRISON ?  oh hell.  i forgot about blinking lights.  you are right and i feel stupid.  perhaps even some tech that goes PING! ? yes and the better E2E tech works the clearer it is that work needs to be focused at the E2E endpoints -…    BRAVO   or as a light globe or something  depends who the desired audience is but if broad then suggest careful of leaves etc…    "No one’s ever going to hire someone who’s going to blow the whistle," he said. #Whistleblower    If he had only himself, he would do it all again. But after the im…  And in shocking news, government employed contractors tell government that employing contractors is the best thing to do. nice. especially like the set of questions at the end.  thanks for sharing Calley Thanks Tamir this is a really nice write up.   "children get it" teachers: always thinking about others and learning
me: distracted by noticing your window is nicer than my wondowRT  The seats in the new Library of Alexandria, Egypt.      Wow thanks for the link, these look amazing.  Can’t wait to hear T… I can’t believe this is still happening?! Whoever taught these coders needs to hand their head in shame.

Hardcoded…  No dark sarcasm in the classroom ..RT  I escaped from this without physical injury by  even after saying the thing at the end of this clip. Tomorr…  To be fair tho  gave at least as good as she got. It was an astonishing…  That’s superb.  Would love to see a photo of one.  (And hear the stories of the recipients)  The importance of cake in higher education is generally not well understood.  So pleased yo…        is a national trea… RT  I’ve been a college dropout, had people say I couldn’t &amp; wouldn’t achieve anything. I’ve also finished an undergrad, am… Somehow doubt the supporters are strong on induction..    That’s a helpful way of thinking about it. Certainly in STEM knowl…  Can’t wait-an canto watchan on-TV amazinga funny-smart forewhen presooning tommorrow tonight 9pm ABC TONIGHT Correct grammar when speaking about a future episode filmed in the past about now looking into the li…  this is great! Your political humour is always spot on
Keep up the good work    so close! No I visited Redmond ~93 and went to  97.  They were exciting times…     This is interesting. think about what should the real curriculum b… RT  So Tomorrow Tonight is now actually on tonight which is a relief because “Tomorrow Tonight is on next Wednesday” has been…RT  This is doing the rounds today, and as an example of gallows humour it is right up there.    Ha!  Similar, I started at Microsoft research institute in 93. Were you at north Ryde? Great days :)   now we are all listening!Can’t wait to see this TONIGHT! Cyber crime and ethical dilemmas for normal people. The teacher in me hopes student…   Seems more like control than governance. What's next? Burning books not in the natio…   Is there any pot of government money already harder to get or more closely scrutiniz…  Hence the Russian focus on the cyber domain I guess.Digital blackmail is a growing attack and you/loved ones are likely to be targets in the future. How will you respo…   Thank youRT  The doctor who operated on #TreeofLife shooter is a Jew. The shooter shouted anti-Semitic slurs at him even as he tended his… that's a clever dad and an awesome brother.  lucky sam. but i completely understand where he is coming from.  parents want the best for their kids and will do…  actually, ironically, the only places where smallpox virus might still exist are the US and Russia…     This is important.  So pleased  and   are collaborating on t…     Cograts Henry!  that's a wonderful achievement,  and then cake!…     Well done Henry and well done Gamran!  Congratulations.  Hope you h… "If you had not opened the door you would have had visitors climbing in your window. It was not “plain good luck” W…  If you had not opened the door you would have had visitors climbing in your window. It was not “plain go…  me too!  a) it could have gone wrong in so many ways b) love their optimism and spirit c) never wan…  thanks for sharing kylie. been reading thru some of the massive discussion, there are lots of positi…     i agree - the field is full of lovely caring people.  pick the job that mak…  “The best way to invent the future is to issue a press release” Thanks - a confronting read!
summar… RT  I recently tweeted about my time working in Obama’s mail room while in college. How he received a tremendous amount of hate…    congratulations  !! thank you i love you   me too wow!  so impressed.  puppetry of the cuboid :) Held my breath and was transfixed.  Bet this is the first video on the  net that no viewers give up watch… RT  “I absolutely love teaching and I believe that it is my vehicle for creating social change.” 🙌

Our alumna  is the… my bad, i meant the other tomHeld my breath and was transfixed.  Bet this is the first video on the net that no viewers give up watching away ha…  do take care tom - we'd miss you     Newly announced Rhodes scholar  is "Just a teacher who lo…   this is so important.  keep up the pollyanna Julie. where is my Frobisher &amp; Gleason raspberry-flavored ice lolly?  A like drop ?  Do they have Halloween cards? You’re not so innocentRT  This is wonderful  Thank you! Awesome! (but for privacy prob should not publish the comments visibly ?)  Very few can resist the corrupting temptation of power in the longer term - even if they s…   Yes. I suspect people who like the idea of a benevolent dictator should spend more time re… RT  "Christopher Brannan...accessed the iCloud, Yahoo!, Facebook and other email and internet accounts of more than 200 cele…Academics and teachers likewise  Wow. That is such beautiful feedback.  You will treasure it forever I’m sure- what a gift.  Thanks… thread is good to read to get a powerful student perspective. I expect many academics, like me, were priviliaged by… RT  I’m working with a number of young autistic people keen to work. Uni qualified and wanting accounting, document managem…If only all governments, schools and universities had read this! This could just as easily be about #university #cheating. It’s an important discussion. Criminology and psychology…  This could just as easily be about university cheating. Thanks Andrew important commentary. Background from huff post:

The world is changing uncomfortably fast.  Things whi…  Yes it’s hard to believe it is really happening.The collapse of democracy and rise of a police state can happen so quickly. All Brazilian state #data on citizens i…  It’s good practice for when algebra stops workingRT  This flash mob of devoted musicians gathered outside Richard Gill's house in our suburb yesterday to play him one of his… It’s like WWII was for technology This is like a poemteenager with sign: What kind of place makes a 10 yr old try to kill themself? I’m not normally a protester but the…   You did it again!!  Oh damn.  This is how you non-maths people always beat us..   I literally came here to say those exact words!  So happy right now friend had safe good gov job. She kept seeing refugees with terrible stories and no help.  She threw it…  Very true. They have bad/non-existent PR. Why the “but”?   :)
Reunions are a great time for reflection.  It’s a pity they don’t happen as much for…  the children-test is like the pub-test but more compelling wow impressed.  we should do that at university too.  great to have those leading and administerin…      I’m Engineering not Arts, and I support you…   Well done!   Sovereign is important    T1 vs T2? If u make prediction about event with 2 outcomes: u can be…   Too late! :)    Will.  Thanks.  Running off to rally now. Resume reading tonight :)   Too good to be true!  I feel I’ve been set up...    Thank you At first I thought you meant the first 5. Then turned my brain on.“Vast rewards can be reaped from the hijacking, diverting, and then copying of informationrich data traffic in US &amp;…     I did not know that.  Thanks for sharing. Any introductory reading on this you recommend?  oh that's wonderful - i know him - he is such a model of what an academic should be.…     this is interesting thanks.  it's science but it's clearly also…  cool thanks for explaining - new to twitter but guessing thing to do is delete these? do you mean me?  if so very sorry!  certainly not my intent - or what i think.this is a fantastic experiment! RT  ‘Polarization’ and ‘long-standing hate.’
Yet I live here, I live here too, I sing,
Expertly civil-tongued with civil neigh… that's actually a very good point.  i like the way your critique yourself.  
we certainly seem to have…   Yes you might be right. But also you might be wrong. i think It's worth running the experim… I still see this as a positive move.  Until recently the importance these issues would not have been appreciated by…   That seems a small benefit to balance against a lot of flaws. From the same article "responded to a tweet by Charlie Pickering calling for more independents to think a…  Bloody hell. Am I really awake or is this a dream?  Read this article.  Eg ..CIVIC DUTY. MY PARENTS BROUG…    You legend.  She was lucky too.  So it wasn’t just me? did everyone fool around with that sequence - it was so damn magnetic!  Wow!  Striking that Attenborough is such a popular call.  I’d have listed him too.  He wasn’t a…  :) I tri Nicely put.  It’s a beautiful universe we are so lucky.  Because they love geometry? It’s a fun idea. I’m never sure tho if apparent randomness is just a feature of how I’m looking at a thi…  I really like that artists are exploring this.  Society needs artists.  Nice! Of course-You’re right!-inspiring teachers don’t have to be actually employed as fo…    Wow.  What a privilliage to have had her as a teacher - I wish I had.  Thank… Mrs Wyatt - my primary school librarian.  She noticed and cared.           Can I ask why your english teacher Michelle?   Inspired list  !  My grandpa for me too.  I’m checking you out right now :)It’s the TV pick of the week! Bravo  and  I love TV that makes me think and I couldn’t sto…    Aims to prevent people from crossing the line from near-crime into actual cri…    Training focus is all "tactics and law" No training on how to de-escalate ten…    Education: police not trained as professionals in public safety. Kennedy: Off…    In time, he came to believe that the most meaningful application of his train…    Thank you for sharing this, and thank you  
Police forces were ado…  seize the day!My educational hero:  Mr Miyagi - humility.  hidden lessons. Who is your #EducationalHero / educational #RoleModel?  I'll start.
Jim Henson - changed childhood education across…    WOW - you were lucky - good on you for calling it out. It's a chilling example o… WOW - you were lucky - good on you for calling it out
It's a chilling example of a Type I vs Type II Error dilemma…  why are these next to each other?   Yes. + What a refreshing change that would be!RT  Brand new Win10 laptop. Attempt to install Chrome.  Almost get owned with my very first action.  Why is this still happe…           What?  Say sorry?RT    I know. I felt sick when I read it too. It’s heartbreaking, and I also hope that it turns into so…  Thank you for that link Kate. I had a physical reaction. It made the blood drain from my fa…   Oh Mark   Who is the third one tho?   Tho reading the projects they look really interesting.  I’d happily crowdfund some of them  Actually they should be proud.  Now they know that those who mattered valued their work.  T…  Granty McGrantface!
This feels a lot like my worst school teacher who imposed arbitrary rules because h… RT  Recent graduate  is back to run a workshop on  in the  lab for students and friends this even…  Go Gigi! Brilliant advice   can students employ her to take class notes?
can we have open comic exams?       that's what make…        excellent! i love this book.  i keep flipping back thru it to get new ideas   you will be great Blake!  Wish I could be there :(  will be thinking of you.  just b…   Start where you are.  Use what you have.  Do what you can. 
this is excellent! thank you Heulwen Daniel inspires his students.  Not just with his teaching ideas but also with his kindness. So many studen…   You express it perfectly - this is loving your neighbour. Just seeing other people doing it…  Thanks for doing that, it’s important for the students for them to see grads modelling professionalism.   How…   Thanks ElizaRT  Wow. Big claims from   on #TRITON :O
RT  What does it say about the state of Australian politics that I’d rather have  setting national policy than our curr… Ha! I’m lucky with mine but worldwide most universities value research not #education. To a typical uni… "I remember him being very calm, which seemed to be a bit contagious, and other people kind of grabbed on to that."…   You got a good boss.   Now you’ll probably be one:)       The equation is…  I want to live in your universe :) thanks!  ordered. this looks interesting what a beautiful start to the day.  thank you i knew you would :) HEAR HEAR! true fact: state need for scrutiny is one of the things that doesn't need scrutiny
#AABill

“This alone sho…  wonderful thing is we can all just sing Happy Birthday to them at our home or work now, and they ca…  This is the same thing teachers see, and why they are addicted to teaching.  
Only here sped-up 100,0… Again! and Again!  There is 1. collecting data+using it as advertised.  And then there is 2. Looking after it. When…   wow This comment about massively changing the biome OF THE OCEAN
While most other ideas involve a lot of sci… Hearing inspiring lecture by Benson Lim  Scientia Education Academy Fellow -he focuses on relationships with h…  Wow.  Gave me chills. Lobby groups forcing textbook rewrites. But then this was used to remove racis…   I hope not!  That would make the universe much less interesting.  And also surprise Godel. Great report. thank you David.
“by optimizing for engagement ..artificial intelligence-assisted persona…   Thanks for sharing John.  This is thoughtful and wise feedback for this important process.  g…      This is brilliant!
Also - dare I say it - listen to pa…   "Some of what works is as good as free" Education is like public health. Working upstr… It's human nature to believe Means justify Ends when you *really* want the Ends. Such a failure of education that w…  yes it's human nature to believe the means justifies the ends when you *really* want the ends. it's a fa…  Dear  you are a beacon. I expect people tell you this all the time but thanks for what you do - it’s impor…  Diet and exercise peeps.  It’s hard to change behavior but it’s worth it!RT      Spot on. The reason “everyone knows” the rewards outweigh the… Dear Tom your parents must have been proud of you.  Thank you for sharing.  I am thinking of you and yo… RT  If you hate the term “purple team” or “fusion team” remember why they exist. They exist because the offensive people have bee…    Oh a scavenger hunt.  Brilliant! This is a great idea will che… RT  China's Hacking of the Border Gateway Protocol   Drops mic...   Other ways are always good things to look for - but are we keen to ditch large m…     That’s a great interview  - thanks for sharing it   And that’s how thinking works    This is great. Seems TV is having a bit of a renaissance atm - show…    Mike says it well. If benefits outweigh risks then absolutely, do it.…   Lazy?? Seriously? This is big!  Thank you 
 !!   Someone sensible is listening and cares.  Wow.  Thank… This is big.  Thank you  !    Thanks Cath - listening now.  V interesting. Thanks!   Starting experiment now :) How long was it in the coke to get this effect?  Also just checking - Normal coke? Wondering what “social mobility”  might mean in equal societies.  Do you have an example in mind?  “Chief of Disguise” - That’s a great job title...  Congratulations Henry!  What a wonderful achievement. Hope you can take a break and celebrate (and relax!) today  Welcome Arash!  also the birth of teleportation 

both great ideas which will improve the world 6. thou shalt not have very bad original concepts congratulations Emma!  that sounds both important and fun (and slightly dangerous:)reading to an adoring dog brings out the best in children struggling with literacy - wow!   via Missed this yesterday. Bloody hell.
Helicopter overhead triggers PTSD, playing partner's response epitomises everyt…  Don’t worry, there’s an equally brilliant fallback plan. We build a giant hollow wooden rabbit and,…  It’s the cycle of life  That’s a nice change I like it Ryan   Agree 100%  Not a stretch.  I call bullying. . Toby is a highly regarded professor of computer science in a CSE school QS ranked 41st in…  Thanks Brett :)  Wow this looks fun!   Post pics after?  Wow that’s kind words indeed Jenny. Sorry I was caught up at the end and didn’t get to chat.…  Thanks Adam Thanks for coming along Sharon and your thoughtful words afterwards. I saw you while I was speaking and it made me happy.This is what makes it all worthwhile.  Me and three people I really like :).  Thanks for coming along tonight   Thank you. You guys do things in style. Impressed :)  Great work UTS!  This is so important.  Are you recording it?       A cconcrete examp…  Sad news - It’s a dream.  Now you need to wake up to attend some
Power point presentations :)      I’ve observed in polling stations in NSW &amp; WA…   This is interesting. It shows one benefit of openness and lack of fear. Also ofcourse…  Labor's citizen surveillance system hacked
Luckily politicians expempted themselves from Australian pr… For heaven’s sake -stop exempting yourselves from the laws you write! EVERYONE should be subject to the same Privac…  Haha you are so right Oh I like this new world.  Independent voices in parliament rather than a pair of rival gangs!  Fee…  Haha that’s awesome Adam !  I want to say “yes!” Just because of your creativity asking this way :)  B…  You forgot - “people aren’t wearing enough hats” That’s really interesting thanks.  Augmented Reality could be another way to help people stay in self cu…  So pleased you liked it sally.  I keep thinking - so lucky someone made that random crappy recordin…  True! Would people then go away?   Just asking.  I can see many good things about the idea including just…    I reckon it depends what the objectives of the course are.  A first year learn to…   The laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the… This short poorly recorded 2013 commencement address is up there with gettysburg and sermon on the mount in power a…  Amazing.  Cats are self aware!!RT    so much for needing our metadata to fight terrorism - how  many of those agencies accessing our metad…RT  2014: "This is not some great mass surveillance exercise or mass invasion of privacy of every citizen in Australia. It is…   Well done  team!   Expecting great things to come from y…   Sure and worse.  it’s not a competition to be the most stupid or cruel.. Just saying we p…   Did I miss some context?  Are those the options?  Seriously tho- how is this thinking different from that of the 9/11 suicide pilots?  We *… Thoughtful commentary by  In Australia our government is trying to make E2E illegal(!) Weirdly seems he… One of the actual thinkers who started it all casually drops into a chat about the history of computer security! &amp;…   Thank you! Everyone wants to hear your thoughts k.  No one cares a fart how you speak.  (And actually you speak…  Why the hostility Allen?“Let’s make COMPASSION great again” So happy to see AFR Women Of Influence winner Tanya Jackson-Vaughan today. Her…  Stay safe Megan Why don’t we?  I know, but I can’t tell you.  But believe me I certainly do know.RT     Hi  !! 

The report, which you handed over to Bin Salman, caused me harm, imprisone… A good use of the internet :) I’m really sorry to learn that Danielle.  Thanks for explaining this it is helpful for me to understand.RT  Blood-curdling.  reportedly provided the Saudis with a nine-page report identifying the three dissidents fueling… I saw your talk on YouTube - it’s was great!   
Blues Brothers- the Penguin  via When Aust signed up to FTA and we picked up US IP regime info experts and geeks all protested predicting *this*
Gov…    This is helpful for me to read and think about.  So glad you took a path that… Very wealthy consultancy firm identifies dissidents for very wealthy Saudi regime. Who were then targeted by regime…    Ha! Only if I could find it. I spent ages staring at this perplexed looking fo…  Yes! Up to us all too. We need to keep pushing them so they do so this.  I’d started to despair of the c…   The Liberals ran a successful counter-Liberal insurgency?  Ha!  nice. HOPE!   I so want this to be true.  I’d never thought of it that way before.  But now i’ll *Always* think of it. So clearly…   Mandela was an inspiring person Here’s a candidate for you  #wordoftheyear #wordof2018  ML King “..there is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we dis…   Agree!   Learning programming is far more than just learning facts and syntax - especial…   Thanks for the update Margot    It’s really important for young people making choices and setti…  A little secret - profs know this and are deliberately boring and uninspiring sometimes, just to giv…   Thanks for sharing this“Some heroes are never recognised.  But he was not about recognition, he simply stood up for what was right”
I’m am… This.
If personally identifiable data are not de-identified at source, we will be creating another central database…  mary poppins was a huge influencer Nicely called by    Agree re tax.  Happy for them to receive public funds on the same basis as any ot…   Glad you shared this  as it’s surely a motivational question as much as anything.…  This is an important idea.  We do have lots of bodies trying like ACS etc but it’s fragmented and I don’t…  Thank you.  Perhaps put up a physical copy of this wonderful photo and a copy of this thread on or near…    Also interested in opinions on this  This is inspiring.  What will she go on to do in the world?! Education is a human right a… This is inspiring.  What will she go on to do in the world?! Education is a human right and the consequences of not…  Great if, at the end of their term, ALL politicians and leaders had to gather their parents children… Teachers have to look their students in the eye. Great if, at the end of their term, politicians and leaders had to…   And me!  This is lovely. Thanks for sharing. It’s a great motivational way for my students to learn x86 nooks and cranniesRT  As social animals we need friends, but we make friends on the basis of trust, which comes about as a result of affection and…   What must he have been through!!?  Impossible to imagine. There is something not r…    No way!  I was on it for first ep delighted to report show changed my mind.   Nee… Ahhh  Had a great time on this panel! Glad you’re looking forward to it!    glad you’re looking forward to it! Had a great time on the panel #CyberAwareRT  Last night some people asked me why decentralized systems were useful, given that a company could just set up a couple…   It was utter delight to be involved with such a smart and thoughtful panel…  Absolutely!  Important to say this and openly.  Thanks for sharing - you champion :)   So excited to have been involved in this thought provoking + extremely funny epis… So excited to have been involved in this thought provoking + extremely funny episode.  you made me cha…  congratulations!! This!RT  Sure, ASIO, you do that, within the constraint imposed by the fact that what WE require is encrypted communications. Now I know how climate scientists must feel! This legislation is so utterly terrible with vast and ongoing impact o…  Was amazed metamorphic processes wouldn't destroy fossils. It looks so delicate and fragile. done…  this is the most beautiful thing i've seen todayRT  wow that is a "manel" if ever I saw one   Now that is hospitality.  Wow.   Tanya is a saint and and inspiration.  Keep doing your amazing work you wonder…  Put that on your tee shirt?      ?? Climate change is a huge and sustained…   Wow!  I’m always so proud of UNSW’s approach to law and legal values - and the care they take for th…   I think It can be hard tho - especially if you feel the group is with them.   So speaking up or…   social motivation.  collaboration.  creating something proud of.  public exhibition.  competiti…  A poster chart?  via  Evidence of leadership and humanity.  Now I want to find out more about him.    WOW!!  Congratulations  - utterly well deserved!  You insp…     haha.  nice one :) this  losing the secret ballot is not a small thing.  be great if we could improve enfranchisement…  Yes! It's alarming many illiberal/selfish/cruel leaders+politicians worldwide have had the supposed b…    ah!  that's the one i was searching for.  much appreciated Martin.     Nice idea.  Will propose.  Whenever you're faced with an explanation of what's going on in Washington, the choice betw…   Yes I think that is changing tho.  Decent employers (you’d want to work with) are increasing… As predicted. Increasingly risky for #Whistleblower to remain anonymous in age of big data &amp; surveillance.…   Brilliant. We have the same issue in Education with marks. With such a focus on marks It can… Interesting that the Openness of  helped enable this mess. Now that same openness helps us identify and ana…  Life is good!!  Learn learn learn, and then share and help. no no no we were trying to draw an Akubra.  was it not obvious?    wonderful!  i'd love that anna.  who is it btw?Been thinking of hero teachers in my life. Mister Rogers and Jim Henson - thank you  #AccidentalTeachers RT  I always find and share this photo when the news is difficult. Because it is always true  bad card or just doesn't have one?        Congratulations Prof Lambeck!  brilliant idea - proud of you guys! It's hard to make CS boring :) it's not the main problem tho. Interviewed female HS students often give "not useful in my future li…    YES!  Why aren't they *choosing* STEM?  That's the question.  The answers…  That must have been very powerful experience. It's electrifying when things suddenly turn from abstra…   Thanks for speaking about the Australian crypto laws currently being proposed.  Interesting your…  this fills me with a sense of hope.  thanks for sharing.     Impressive infographic skills Nick Yes that’s certainly the million dollar question - mind you the other million dollar question is ho…   ...Or left them in ignorance?Graduate Life satisfaction depends not on uni ranking but on student experiences. Top 6:
1 professors who make lear…  This is extremely interesting.  thank you sharing this  ! Brilliant!   Lucky students This isn’t a problem fixed by more force, compulsion and authority.  That’s the same thought of thin…     It’s the second part that most alarms me.  I’m ok with human slip-u…   Here is that Hitchens quote:
“I have always found it quaint and rather touching that there i… Cyber-Ed is the Sex-Ed of this century. Can’t think of anything more useful for school students to understand with… Well I’m reassured :)

..the company “spent more time trying to twist the story than fixing it.”

Medtronic said th…  the future likewise?  World’s most famous billboard? I don’t know if I’m more impressed that it exists -
or that you checked !!
V Impressed  Snakes on a train!   Launches 31 October I believe - will post when out to let you know.

Btw Tom… . &amp; I just finished the interview with gentle sharp Tom Ballard for #accidentalteachers podcast. Head spin… About to interview the completely wonderful  (funny person) with  for our upcoming podcast ser…  That’s a good thing :)  Pairing of transparency with right of review is critical  whoops :) it's important tho - otherwise we'll end up with blockchain election systems. they are (seriously) being…  That's a great approach. Pubic service seems undersold and not much discussed any more. Certainly my frie…  everywhere people are we invent solve problems and use our minds in crazy new ways.  i love us.RT  Announcing a Competition for Ethics in Computer Science, with up to $3.5 Million in Prizes  via  A gripping read
“..safety cannot be your No. 1 concern,” Levandowski told me. “If it is, you’ll never do… A gripping read - Google self driving cars:
“..safety cannot be your No. 1 concern,” Levandowski told me. “If it is…  That is exactly my life in an image!    Lovely reply   Please ! I reckon everyone would benefit from a monthly 3 way catchup with their younger self and their older self What I always wonder is - How would his young self have felt about his current self + actions if coul…  I admire your courage Nate 
Welcome!  That’s crazy.   Who were their teachers!!??  We see what you did there :)  Yes!   may all our students and children and loved ones hold onto tha…   this is truth
mastery involves teaching and sharing   good call.  i was wondering what categories of data was being leaked - not the actual data itself.  post it back fast!  very few get back in time to be included in the count.   that was fun to see, especially the morning rush. nice way to show users you can…    thanks brendan!  much appreciated.   Congratulations Jennifer!!  Well deserved.  Thanks for caring and for taking such good care of your students. this is very interesting.  if you care deeply about a research question then you have skin in the game a… RT  "Three things in human life are important.  The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind."…Popper noticed the real value of democracy is not “Who should rule?” but rather "How can bad rulers can be got rid…   it's nice when things line up like that :)   not zero, your DNA is over everything here
(or so the police tell me)   Just read your ars CreepyDOL writeup  - nice!  I'd love to learn more ab…    Thanks for all you give to the community  and   Adam rocks:)  Ha!  You are right.  Nice.     I like you thinking about your gut.  Phd Experience is…   Great work   it’s really important, and also topical (given tonight’s Boyer…    Good luck  - Love your work :) Great readable intro to this in The Conversation today if you want to impress friends and family :)…   Thank you! I am very much looking forward to it  This is a really shrewd observation.  I keep thinking about it thanks for sharing.   It’s…   Nice looking qr code there  Looking forward to this!  There is a great summary in the conversation today to get you int…  What song was it?   I’ll listen too.  TAFEs are really stepping up to help address the security professional shortage.   It’s grea…  Hi staypuft we are recording the first series atm.   I think launch date is oct 31.   Enjoying your tweet curation btw :)  Thanks - can’t say I’m disappointed :)

Long may the complexity of the universe ex…   That makes sense. How about the possibility (just sci-fi?) of designer/engineered…  Best.  First year. Assignment. Ever.  Thanks, that’s an extremely clear overview.  Do you think Germline therapy will ev…  In Australia also. Under 1901-1958 immigration restriction act “Dictation Test” applicants were required… I'm going to "BSides Canberra 2019".  See you there?  via   Mira’s email is Mira.kim :) Ha!  Agree.  I actually rang ASIO when in high school asking if I could do work experience about 40 ye…  This is so amazing it hurts    The best sort of correct nearly choked when student Tara said  that the rock she found pushed back origin of life by 500M year…    Looking down on people is a sad way of living life.   My students have taught…   I’m no expert (you already speak more languages than me!) but I’m told- Speak to people in Engli…  I’m sorry son Well that’s me done doing useful work for the day.  Now oscillating between laughing and craving.

#TIL T… TLDR; Students develop an Impact Statement that describes how they will develop and use their skills and knowledge…    TLDR; Students develop an Impact Statement that describes how they will de…  Thanks.   Wait!  Aren’t you outside relaxing outside away from computers? with every ship except your fou…  Pride is a base feeling

(Sorry.. #dadjokes) Hey how do I post a link to an image and have it automatically displayed? As long as this one hasn’t come back...

 American Horror Story!!??  Tilly what are you saying?!   
I’m just going to use “The Ambassador”.

(And yes super fantastic news) It’s lovely blue skys outside JJ!   I vote for a break and a walk and hunting for a photographable security weakness :)Or a . Opal card heat map showing commuters to CBD :)  “#CyberSecurity shouldnt be secret” Absolutely!  It’s not secret to the bad guys - we need to help and gr…  Very Nice - careful step by step analysis of a social engineering scam fear greed plus poor bitcoin wallet design  I don’t know... One thing I do know from years of teaching is it’s IMPOSSIBLE to overestimat…   Wow.  Thanks Amy!  V interesting. understanding+advocacy are hard to seperate - Eg David Attenborough…   This  Good luck.   Wish I could be there.  Recording? I quite like seeing things I don’t like to see - keeps me honest - so long as not TOO MANY.  Wrt feedbac…     Why is it that humor is just magic?  Add it to any message and increase… Why is it that humor is just magic?  Add it to any message and increase impact by an order of magnitude.     This s…  thanks so much for sharing and helping others.  you are kind.Teaching 0-5 year olds (a love of) maths/STEM.  So important, so easy, and so fun). I made this brief clip a decade…  * Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, alm…   Thanks mum but, seriously, what did I say about posting about me on the internet? Lose..?  Or maybe, just maybe, hardware backdoored Chinese homing screws?  Wow You must be proud.   Job well done dad. my 2c - don't literally say that to them.  nothing worse than someone saying oh you two would get on so well.  such pressure...     You are a beautiful person  and helping…  likely!  looks like you have had fun. Not just young writers.  Crusty old professors like this advice too :)  
Keep up the great work. Well done  This looks gorgeous. ...and having that vote properly counted Marley Spoons?  That was our Thursday night in a nutshell too :)  
On the bright side - tomorrow is another day!  (i.e. today)American uni called Harvard has a good idea.
Students learn about sleep the good way (before starting) rather than…   This is great to think about for inducting first year students -Cause an emergency.  A crayon will burn for 30 minutes.  This is excellent!   Great info but also very nice delivery.  Check it out  Thanks for sharing Michael Sorry :( Nice article - thanks for sharing hope!"Learning is not a competition"
WOW!! In a day of sobering news comes a golden shaft of light!  
#singapore I love…  ooo .. this is going to be fun.  thanks for sharing. it's hard to think of them isn't it? but then when someone points one out it's so obvious.  ha!  what fun. Like the way you think, and you'll be pleased to know that  has already taken that title :) me too alex  feeling the same you are right. that is so weird.  first i thought 'i used to sometimes have fruit-loops for lunch' (miss…      Congratulations Nina!  That's wonderful news.  Now you can relax!! folded in half?  do they now have a light side and a dark side? Computer security is a hard problem.. 
I know! Let's *legislate* to solve it, and give the police powe…     That's amazing!  Huge congratulations   
Wow.  thanks for the heads up! Let's hope #daleks don't steal this technology... unless it's all part of their plan to lull you...This is frighteningly bad legislation.  Won't achieve what it aims yet in the process will have a DEVASTATING effec… So pleased AU has arms length #Electoral Commissions. Otherwise the incumbent has too much power to adjust the syst…   There is credible evidence that hemlock alleviates lower back pain  i'd love to be that happy!re music:
* scales (what intervals we divide octaves into) -&gt; what notes sound right and what sound "off"
* the moo… re saying "please" when ordering a beer in pub:

Nepalese student tells me not done in Nepal "would be weird"Looking for funny/surprising UNWRITTEN RULES. For a STEM outreach class. Training future coders/scientists/sec engi…    you mean SCBMTAIAT ? :)  Love your enthusiasm and openness Deana.  Great work Adam and Josh - proud of you guys!
#impactchallenge Crazy.   In a perfect universe courses would have both. Hard to learn without time to explore do and drea…  "That’s the whole point."  well, that's the whole name.  The point is a bit more elusive. Oh education, what have we done to you..? :( This is a great example of that profound insight of #jonimitchell
It seems human nature to not notice w…  Thanks Richard.  Important to call out, and perfectly expressed in disappointment rather than anger.
#auspol #elevatethedebateRT  The verdict is in! Following a community vote and extensive deliberation, our expert panel has selected the Top 10 Web Hacki… Basalt+flat+coastal.  Sounds like it's very fertile land under those buildings.   internship policy is ALL students should be properly compensated. Not a matter of the "be…     well done!    Hear Hear!  Studying in a different culture, even briefly, is…     A+++ would use again  That's really interesting Charlie.  There are so many nerve connections from hands…  Don't worry - Turing teaching us that the outside is all that matters.
thanks Thanks  :) That's impressive.  I really like the idea of note-taking by filming (and… This is brilliant!   Teaching sharing our dreams for our students.
Well done Suess.  That's so interesting.  Observing any good ideas about how to teach differently? Does the class fee… ATO collecting voice biometrics at scale.  
"With the right systems in place these concerns can be managed properly…   Still making sense.  Sorry.  
 this is sure a ruthless test...  Thanks wendy - can't wait.  It's important.  Nice.  On the other hand your post does make sense after s/blockchain/the cloud/g. Sorry. i'd feel honoured and flattered if my child wanted to use my name feminised.    So pleased to hear that.  re next year, i'd actually quite like that.  do reach out - we'd love to help. It certainly looks nice to me (from the outside).  It's a great discussion to be having even if reality… This picture of 19 words is worth 1000 words  I’m more impressed that there is “No” option to stop the attack.  This needs to be a more widely implemented feature.Russia convincingly demonstrates over and over again that the easiest and most powerful cyber vulnerability to expl…     Reducing mobile use+driving is v important! Just not sure about thi…   Rlly?   Facebook? I tested this on your own post and result didn’t make sense.  Tick.
Brilliant.  That’s brilliant.  You have caught the essence of a wave in a way I have never seen before. Thank you.    I had no idea. Branch and Bound. Wow. I feel ashamed. Could have…  Wow.  You feel that and you still go out and help the students time after time?  Thanks for being such a…  Brilliant! Well done guys! You should be proud - that's an outstanding result, even more so if it was your first ti…  Interesting - When are people entitled to a political voice? when "a member of the community"  when…    I expect to have my number plate photographed - but ME as driver or passenger being…  Wait, they film YOU in the car?  privacy implications?     That's nicely done. Good for democracy.  this is an awesome idea also when people verb nouns, that's annoying too!   thanks liam    Can't think of a nicer way for them to have been thwarted  :)
Never say…  thanks.  This is a nice lab question for our Security Engineering students next year    nice system Dear Justin        

I agree.

Thanks for what you do.  well done!  i hope you had fun :)  yes  is right. I just asked the (Vfriendly) NSW electoral commission now and they…   AU electoral commissions (per state, and nationally) do sterling work getting/keeping ppl…  thanks guys for all your hard work and dedication.  this is important.  Great to see so much security t… Congratulations to our wonderful   security students.  Looks like they came first (again!), 2nd, 5th, a…    Go MONU1!  All 5  teams doing great.This! Our community is engine of everything.  Students+alum+friends teach care for + inspire each other. Competitio…   This!  Our community is engine of everything.  Students+alum+friends teach care for and in…   Yes :(  Wow.  It’s hard to change.   She is impressive.   Hope I can be like her at 86 too!  Perfect advice sally, thank you!  I am going to follow it.   And go for a late afternoo…     this is important.   I was brought up (mathematicia…  sec eng students are on fire in #CySCA2018 national hacking comp, but look how everyone else is doing!… RT  A Google+ privacy bug exposed personal data of 500k users.

"Google chose not to disclose the flaw out of concern it would… Proud of you guys - thirsting for challenges.   Cat is a great role model she just never gives up.      Congratulations indeed Danelle,  an…   Good luck to all the teams!   #cybersecurityThe Amazing   security students at the starting line  #CySCA2018 the national Australian cyber securi… As  reports - simply exhorting people to be honest fails.  My 2c: you reap what you sow.  For China, any…  you reap what you sowRT  The sales intelligence firm 'Apollo' sent a notice to its customers last week disclosing a data breach it suffered over…RT   I found this version easier to follow:  Ha yes certainly not defending that.   Just noting that on stairs you have an option to stop if things…   I used to think same but over the years I’ve met numerous decent+honorable+wise politician… It would just take congestion (or an incident) at the exit area of the town hall station escalators to have a tragi…   Great to see teachers being recognised for their great work #education This is wonderful! Great to see good teachers being appreciated #educationweek #accidentalteachers Perhaps he was dictating? Yes and the intereractions with and mutual support and help from your fellow students.Teachers are so important.  Human to human.  I love online because of the scale possible but we can never forget th…     Thanks for sharing - it's important.  And shocking to see when put t… This      you guys are both outstanding in making people…   this is just too good to be true.  thank you  for this reminder - and thank y…  of course
had assumed that
love your curation btw - please keep it up :) LAKE NEWS!   SADNice clear commentary on an incredibly important issue.   This is an “Hang on, the Emperor has no clothes” moment f…        Congratulations…    Thank you  for striving to work out how to act with honour in the face of…     It’s v interesting research.  And Legit :)  But how can ppl know that?  Eg… Wow.  truth is determined by consensus apparently.  I'm new to twitter and already learning so much. *THIS* is why teachers teach.  How can any other job compare? It makes me sad when brilliant people become merchant… We can never remove the human element.  I reckon that's a good thing.  

Bad thing is to create temptation / build…   Words of wisdom!RT  Also this photo of the entire 28 day cycle of the noon shot from the same place is 🔥🔥🔥. #moon   nicely done sir  It's the age old syllogism:

More utility =&gt; more complexity
More complexity =&gt; more vulne…  stuff like what?Slow food, thinking slow, the Slow Movement ... and now slow READING

A font to slow down students' reading - appar…  It's a clear threat - i'm very happy to see the supply chain becoming part of public discussion.Why AU has been prudent to [try to] keep our ICT infrastructure under national control.  We've warned about HW/chip… Should 21st century online/ID data research require Cyber Security Clearance IN ADDITION TO ethics clearance?

Issu… Just a reminder for everyone to be safe and careful with your personal information - especially passport photos num…     Just a reminder for everyone to be safe and careful with their personal inf…     Congratulations  !   
"take initiative"  
go and "find oppo… RT  We have identified that a number of cyber actors widely known to have been conducting attacks around the world are, in fact, the…  Congrats Jordan!  

And also huge thanks to Mark for drawing attention to it - and to Simon for… RT  Comment: A Muslim shot my dad in cold blood outside the NSW Police Headquarters, and I am tired of needing to explain that the act…RT  #breaking Britain has accused Russian military intelligence of directing a host of cyber attacks aimed at undermining We… Thanks!   
#Todayilearned 
SilentS: Japan uses broadcast standard ISDB..every station broadcasts 1…  Really?   I hadn’t known about that.  That’s a remarkable power for the gov to have (and for manuf…  and Getafix, another key player in the Gaulish resistance, now runs an early morning school bus sto… Wonder if the #PresidentialAlert test sent to all US cell phone users will have an unexpected impact on perceptions…  thank so so much for showing me this  - it's true.   I love how it shows rather than tells.  Bei…  This is lovely.  Now that you point it out.  

It's interesting to think about act of Noticing.  I…    love the wig!great example of "every contact leaves a trace" 

always amazes me to keep finding that there are more sidechannels…  Brilliant lesson!  Agree 100%

"Lesson: share your side projects no matter how silly!"Today I learned great magic is like building your own secure system, then breaking in! Audience see defensive desig…  Using Facebook to authenticate is like giving Uber a copy of your house keys!  hear hear!  
all the best julie - know you will be terrificCyber life is core to the lives of 21st century children and future citizens - our curriculum needs to catch up… Using Facebook to authenticate is like giving Uber a copy of your house keys.  

Sure, convenient if Uber drivers l…  it's interesting to think about what other - formerly solo - experiences you could outsource...

cl…   Agree.  The tricky balance is making sure being spied upon doesn't itself silence your voice :)BBC News - Cern scientist: 'Physics built by men - not by invitation' 

Science is great at…  Lovely!  Life growth death and decay all in one.

Reminds me of #Escher's: "The Puddle"
Poor India! Once personal data has leaked to identity thieves it can never be recovered and you can't change your f… 3/3 A week until the Trump op ed writer is uncovered? 1/3 How big data will find the Trump op ed data...and could find you... 2/3 "It's increasingly hard to be a whistleblower..." 1/3 Speaking on  about the Trump op ed writer...How big data will find the Trump anonymous op ed writer - a… Hello Twitter! #myfirstTweet

Yes, of course, it could be. It is now generally accepted that we call cyberwar the fifth domain of war. In the last couple of years, it has been a universally accepted term. And all major countries including India and Australia are building up a massive cyber defensive and an offensive system to counter it. A former director of Intelligence in the United States said recently that if there is a chance of a world war, that he didn't think there would be a major world war in the next five years, but then he paused and said, 'Except in cyber. That's already almost happening'.

We have seen the attacks on Ukraine, Estonia, there have been problems between India and Pakistan, attacks from North Korea, so these are already happening. Espionage, where military secrets and commercial secrets are stolen from all major countries by each other, is a form of economic warfare. It is cheap and it's clearly the easiest form of warfare now. Humans aren't hurt and your presence and identity are hidden. I think it will increase until we learn how to defend ourselves against it. I feel we are gradually moving from an internet of trust to one of attack and exploitation.

I think everyone is faking it, in a way when you walk down the street you are faking it, we construct the way we look. It's very hard to be authentic and honest in everything we do. There is nothing wrong and it is completely human to think that you should make yourself look good when other people are observing you, be it on the roads or on social media. You adjust your behaviour because of that. There is a problem because people's behaviour on social media is a new thing that we don't fully understand. People are being thrown out of their jobs for maybe something they had said 10 years ago. The dangers of fake news, of knowledge not being respected, of honesty, and popularity being given more importance than quality and expertise — these are serious problems for mankind. But, social media is not only a problem but also a great benefit to mankind. India's power is its people. Facebook and social media lets you tap into that, lets people speak their minds. With that benefit also comes responsibility so it's important we continue to discuss this. We have to move slowly and carefully and, together, head into this unknown world.

My main fear is that we don't have enough people that understand cyber. The problem may be fixed in a generation or two but in the foreseeable future, there's a shortfall of people with the right kind of knowledge. There are no built-in reactions to cyber threats. It's not like when we hear a car, we pause and then cross. We don't have these reactions for cyber. So my biggest fear is the world doesn't have enough trained people because cyber education isn't good enough and it definitely is not universal yet.

In cybersecurity, in particular, there is a big gap between theory and practice, it's a new field and it's happening all around us now. Once you know how to work on it and become good at it there's so much money you can make working in the industry that there is a temptation for all the strong academics to be gobbled up. One of my students was offered a car just to sign the contract, and you know academics don't earn that much. So there is a gap, but engineering has always had this gap, and how we solved it as engineers is that we had experts teach the students what they need to know.

I think we have this myth that it is all natural talent and not something you can learn and it's probably that way because of our older generations when there were not many ways to learn to compute when it was a comparatively new subject. Which is why most senior people that we see now are all self-taught. Computing is for everyone. It is to solve mankind's problems and help everyone. You can be trained to perfect the art of computing and if you are lucky and blessed you start with a lot of natural talent, but even when you don't start off with talent, it's upon all of us to get trained and try and become the best at what we are doing. Be the best people we can. At the end of the day, it is 90 per cent hard work.

